Documentation for Fetch Metadata and Coop/Coep Suppport (#7)
salcho/wicket: wicket-user-guide/src/main/asciidoc/security/security_5.adoc

_CryptoMapper_ helps preventing CSRF attacks by making the urls impossible to be guessed by an attacker but still there is some theoretical chance this to happen.

> To further help against this kind of vulnerability Wicket provides _ResourceIsolationRequestCycleListener_ - a _IRequestCycleListener_ that uses __IResourceIsolationPolicy__ objects to decide whether to allow or reject a request. By default only actions are checked, i.e. a request coming from different origin cannot execute _Link.onClick()_ or submit forms (_Form.onSubmit()_). Any request to render pages are still allowed so Wicket pages could be easily embedded in other applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To further help against this kind of vulnerability Wicket provides _ResourceIsolationRequestCycleListener_ - a _IRequestCycleListener_ that uses __IResourceIsolationPolicy__ objects to decide whether to allow or reject cross-origin requests. By default only actions are checked, i.e. a cross-origin request cannot execute _Link.onClick()_ or submit forms (_Form.onSubmit()_). Any request to render pages are still allowed so Wicket pages could be easily embedded in other applications.
```

MyApplication.java
[source,java]
----
  @Override
 protected void init() {
  super.init();
  getRequestCycleListeners().add(new ResourseIsolationRequestCycleListener());
  // ...
 }
----

_ResourceIsolationRequestCycleListener_ is highly configurable. It allows to add exempted paths that will not be checked with the __addExemptedPath__ method. It can be configured with multiple _ResourceIsolationPolicy_ objects to be checked in order.

> An __IResourceIsolationPolicy__ returns a __ResourceIsolationOutcome__ after processing a request, which can be one of 3 values (__ALLOWED__, __DISALLOWED__, __UNKNOWN__). The __ResourceIsolationRequestCycleListener__ checks the __IResourceIsolationPolicy__ objects in order and uses the first outcome that is not __UNKNOWN__ to trigger the appropriate action. If all return __UNKNOWN__ __unknownOutcomeAction__ is applied. The actions can be configured through the listener.

Reviewer: what if an outcome returns ALLOWED? we keep iterating over the remaining policies, right? If so, this should read: 'the first outcome that is not __UNKNOWN__ or __ALLOWED__', I believe

Author: I think if the outcome is `ALLOWED` we [stop iterating over the remaining policies and return](https://github.com/apache/wicket/blob/0f42d3314f1200a3b88f76e435910ef389af6b58/wicket-core/src/main/java/org/apache/wicket/protocol/http/ResourceIsolationRequestCycleListener.java#L336-L339)

Reviewer: right! not our brightest moment 🤦‍♂️

_CsrfPreventionRequestCycleListener_ is not an alternative to _CryptoMapper_! Both of them could be used separately or in tandem to prevent CSRF attacks depending on the application requirements.

> 

Reviewer: let's remove this extra whitespace if it isn't needed, please
